Various documentation improvements (#919)
tradingview/lightweight-charts: website/docs/series-types.md

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Series types

In this article you can read a brief overview of all supported series types.

## A series customizations

> Any type of series could be customized and a set of available options that you could apply depends on a type of a series (see docs for each series type below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any type of series can be customized and the set of available options that you can apply depends on a type of a series (see docs for each series type below).
```
